Little President, what should I do now?
Yes!
I didn't expect you to be so vicious
Even the governor called
You made us both miserable
Can you blame me?
Who would have thought that this paranormal ancestor was insidious and poisonous?
Hmm
Money will grow on the back and chew the back of the tongue
Something is amiss, I'm afraid.
Mingyi, why are you here?
President Qian, what about me?
But he spent a lot of money to buy off the officials in the mansion
I also invited four escort bureaus to set up everywhere
I just want to be able to catch
The surname Liang is considered ruthless
I confessed
I'm not going to steal the rice business from you.
Brother, let me go
Let go of your money boss
Have you ever considered
From the moment you threatened me
There will be no chance for the two of us to make up again
Come on, bring it back to the Supervision Office. Yes
Go grandpa
It has nothing to do with me.